So let's summarize everything we've learned
in the monitoring section.
The first ones is around CloudWatch
and CloudWatch has multiple flavors.
There is CloudWatch metrics to monitor the performance
of your AWS services and billing metrics.
CloudWatch alarms
if you want to automate notifications when
a metric goes outside of a specific range.
And then you can automate it to perform EC2 actions
such as reboots, et cetera.
You can also send notifications that are clean
to the SNS service based on a metric
going over certain limits.
CloudWatch Logs are used to collect log files
from EC2 instances, servers and lender functions
and they're centralized within one service.
And CloudWatch events also called Event Bridge is a way
for you to react to events in AWS
or to trigger a rule based on the specific schedule.
Now, if you want to audit API calls
made within your account,
you should use the CloudTrail service,
and on top of it there is CloudTrail Insights
which is for you to get an automated analysis
of your CloudTrail events.
Amazon x-Ray is used to trace requests made
through your distributed applications
and this is very helpful when you want to do
performance analysis or root cause analysis
especially when you have errors
and all your applications are talking with one another.
The AWS Health Dashboard gives you the status
of all the AWS services across all regions
whereas the AWS Account Health Dashboard is talking
about the AWS events that only impact
your specific infrastructure.
Finally, we have CodeGuru,
CodeGuru is a way for you to perform automated
code reviews using machine learning
and also application performance recommendations, again,
by monitoring the performance
of your application in production
and applying yet against some machine learning.
So that's it,
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.